New intro to React Native and React (#1535)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/intro-react-native-components.md

---
id: intro-react-native-components

> title: Core Components and Native Components

Reviewer: I think that the name of this section is a bit "redundant" - what about "Components: Native and  Core"?

Author: I'm worried about internationalization for that one. Explicit sets of words are easier for translators to handle. Sometimes redundant is clearer for more folks!

Reviewer: Makes sense :) Ok then totally ignore my comment 👍

---

> React Native is an opensource framework for building Android and iOS applications using [React](https://reactjs.org/) and the app platform’s native capabilities. With React Native, you use JavaScript to access your platform’s APIs as well as to describe the appearance and behavior of your UI using React components, bundles of reusable, nestable code. You can learn more about React in the next section. But first, let's cover how components work in React Native.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Native is an open source framework for building Android and iOS applications using [React](https://reactjs.org/) and the app platform’s native capabilities. With React Native, you use JavaScript to access your platform’s APIs as well as to describe the appearance and behaviour of your UI using React components, bundles of reusable, nestable code. You can learn more about React in the next section. But first, let's cover how components work in React Native.
```

> React Native is an open source framework for building Android and iOS applications using [React](https://reactjs.org/) and the app platform’s native capabilities. With React Native, you use JavaScript to access your platform’s APIs as well as to describe the appearance and behaviour of your UI using React components, bundles of reusable, nestable code. You can learn more about React in the next section. But first, let's cover how components work in React Native.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Use a colon instead of comma: "UI using React components: bundles of reusable, nestable code"

Reviewer 3: A dash would work too. I thought this was a run-on sentence at first.

## Views and mobile development

> In Android and iOS development, a **view** is the basic building block of UI: a small rectangular element on the screen which can be used to display text, images, respond to user input. Even the smallest visual elements of an app, like a line of text or a button, are kinds of views. Some kinds of views can nest other views. It’s views all the way down!

Reviewer 4: > text, images, respond to user input.

text, images, *or* respond to user input.

> In Android and iOS development, a **view** is the basic building block of UI: a small rectangular element on the screen which can be used to display text, images, or respond to user input. Even the smallest visual elements of an app, like a line of text or a button, are kinds of views. Some kinds of views can nest other views. It’s views all the way down!

Reviewer 2: Should "View" be capitalized here since I assume it is referring to the RN primitive?

Reviewer 2: Maybe: "Some kinds of views can nest other views" -> "Some kinds of views can be composed of other views"?

Author: "Some kinds of views can be composed of other views" feels clunky. What about "Some kinds of views can contain other views?" It's a little more common language.

Author: Re: "view", here I was trying to think of "the views that exist in iOS and Android development. We haven't quite gotten to introducing React Native's Core Component with a capital V: View (not quite yet). Thoughts?

Reviewer 4: I don't think this needs to be capitalized since it doesn't feel like referring to the React Native view, especially because it starts with "In Android and iOS development". 

I'm good with "can contain", it feels clearer than "can nest" or "can composed". 👍

Author: Thanks for clearing that up, Eli! Also, great job on your intro materials I stole from ;)

## Native Components

> In Android development, you write views in Java or Kotlin; in iOS development, you use Objective-C or Swift. With React Native, you can invoke these views with JavaScript using React components. At runtime, React Native creates the corresponding Android and iOS views for those components. Because React Native components are backed by the same views as Android and iOS, React Native apps look, feel, and perform like any other apps. We call these platform-backed components Native Components.

Reviewer 2: Given the recent popularity of newer languages, I'd reverse the order: "Kotlin or Java; in iOS development you use Swift or Objective-C"

Also may be nice to make "Native Components" at the end bold so that it connects with the headline. You are driving the point home so nicely about what they are but by the end of the paragraph I kinda forgot that was the focus of the paragraph (might just be because your writing is that good I got lost!).

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I got confused that "... Native Components" was immediately followed by "Core Components" and thought there's a terminology mistake. I didn't noticed that this section had a "Native Components" headline.

One possible fix would be to introduce the name in the beginning of this section.

For example:

>## Native Components

>Some components are provided by the platform. We call these platform-backed components *Native Components*. For example, in Android [...]

Author: It should be bolded because each new Important Term needs a bolding, like in school texts. Good catch! I missed it!

Author: Dan, I worry that the phrasing you suggest pops right in with "components" before introducing the concept of components. We were _just_ talking about views and how both mobile platforms use them for everything in their apps and then suddenly "platforms provide components! We call them..." Wait. What. Is. A. Component. I worry we're skipping ahead a bit if we frontload with that. This is a common problem I noticed with folks unfamiliar with either views or components: gotta build a bridge to link the two explicitly.

Reviewer 3: I trust your choice here

Author: Went with Christoph's edits. Let's watch learners in the wild and see if this gels with them!

## Core Components

React Native comes with a suite of built-in components ready for you to use. These Core Components include:

> | React Native UI Component | Android View   | iOS View         | Web Analog               | Description                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: Our table rendering looks kinda off. We should figure out how to give this table the full width available, or a min-width.

| ------------------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<View>`                  | `<ViewGroup>`  | `<UIView>`       | A non-scrollling `<div>` | A container that supports layout with flexbox, style, some touch handling, and accessibility controls |
| `<Text>`                  | `<TextView>`   | `<UITextView>`   | `<p>`                    | Displays, styles, and nests strings of text and even handles touch events                             |
| `<Image>`                 | `<ImageView>`  | `<UIImageView>`  | `<img>`                  | Displays different types of images                                                                    |
| `<ScrollView>`            | `<ScrollView>` | `<UIScrollView>` | `<div>`                  | A generic scrolling container that can contain multiple components and views                          |
| `<TextInput>`             | `<EditText>`   | `<UITextField>`  | `<input type="text">`    | Allows the user to enter text                                                                         |

> React Native has many more Core Components for everything from form controls to activity indicators. You can find them [documented in the APIs section](components-and-apis). For now, we’re going to work with these five Core Components. In the next section you will start combinging them. Have a play with them here now!

Reviewer 2: Nit: "API section"

export default function App() {
    return (
      <ScrollView>
        <Text>ScrollViews scroll!</Text>
        <View>
          <Text>Some text</Text>
          <Image source="https://placekitten.com/g/200/300" style={{width: 200, height: 200}}/>
        </View>
        <TextInput
          style={{ height: 40, borderColor: 'gray', borderWidth: 1 }}
          value="You can type in me"
        />
      </ScrollView>
    );
}
```

<block class="classical" />

```SnackPlayer name=Hello%20World
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import { View, Text, Image, ScrollView, TextInput } from 'react-native';

export default class App extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <ScrollView>
        <Text>ScrollViews scroll!</Text>
        <View>
          <Text>Some text</Text>
          <Image source="https://placekitten.com/g/200/300" style={{width: 200, height: 200}}/>
        </View>
        <TextInput
          style={{ height: 40, borderColor: 'gray', borderWidth: 1 }}
          value="You can type in me"
        />
      </ScrollView>
    );
  }
}

```

<block class="classical functional" />

## Make your own Native Components

> As you continue developing with React Native, you may want to use a kind of view on Android or iOS that isn’t in the Core Components. For this reason, React Native lets you to build your own Native Components for [Android](native-components-android.md) and [iOS](native-components-ios.md) to suit your app's unique needs. We also have a thriving ecosystem of these community-contributed components and modules. Check [JS.coach](https://js.coach/react-native) or [Native Directory](https://www.native.directory/) to find what the community has been creating.

Author: That was already in the More Resources section, so I brought it over here, too. It would be soooo great to have something like native.directory here!

---

Because React Native uses the same API structure as React components, you’ll need to understand React component APIs to get started. The [next section](intro-react) makes for a quick introduction or refresher on the topic. However, if you’re already familiar with React, feel free to [skip ahead](handling-text-input).

> <img src="/react-native/docs/assets/react-native-components.png" srcset="/react-native/docs/assets/react-native-components2x.png 2x" width="1000" alt="A diagram showing React Native's Core Components are a subset of React Components that ship with React Native.">

Reviewer 2: Is this diagram intentionally on the bottom after the text asking me to navigate away from this page?

Reviewer 3: Diagram nit: I find most of these "s" at the end a bit hard to read as a non-native speaker. (Cause I don't draw it like this.) Overall I would prefer a tiny bit more polished diagram.

Author: @cpojer It's at the bottom as a sort of visual endcap.

Does it add value? I found it useful working with Luna and Kirsty for explaining how all the components relate to each other.

I'm happy to polish it (originally intended to, but then I realized I could spend 5 hours making a diagram no one found useful and wanted to see what reviewers thought first! I am sneaky like this.)

## Views and mobile development

In Android and iOS development, a **view** is the basic building block of UI: a small rectangular element on the screen which can be used to display text, images, or respond to user input. Even the smallest visual elements of an app, like a line of text or a button, are kinds of views. Some kinds of views can nest other views. It’s views all the way down!

## Native Components

In Android development, you write views in Java or Kotlin; in iOS development, you use Objective-C or Swift. With React Native, you can invoke these views with JavaScript using React components. At runtime, React Native creates the corresponding Android and iOS views for those components. Because React Native components are backed by the same views as Android and iOS, React Native apps look, feel, and perform like any other apps. We call these platform-backed components Native Components.

## Core Components

> React Native comes with a suite of built-in components ready for you to use. These Core Components include:

Reviewer 3: After reading this, I don't have a super clear idea of what's the difference between Native and Core components, whether it matters, or whether they're the same thing. Maybe just clarifying that with a few words before jumping into the table could help.

Author: So I moved things around a bit so that the section was a little tighter and introduced the idea of "hey, you can make your own Native Components—but to get started, we're gonna work with this of premade Native Components that come with RN—the Core Components!"

| `<Image>`                 | `<ImageView>`  | `<UIImageView>`  | `<img>`                  | Displays different types of images                                                                    |
| `<ScrollView>`            | `<ScrollView>` | `<UIScrollView>` | `<div>`                  | A generic scrolling container that can contain multiple components and views                          |
| `<TextInput>`             | `<EditText>`   | `<UITextField>`  | `<input type="text">`    | Allows the user to enter text                                                                         |

React Native has many more Core Components for everything from form controls to activity indicators. You can find them [documented in the APIs section](components-and-apis). For now, we’re going to work with these five Core Components. In the next section you will start combining them. Have a play with them here now!

```SnackPlayer name=Hello%20World
import React from 'react';
import { View, Text, Image, ScrollView, TextInput } from 'react-native';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <ScrollView>

>       <Text>ScrollViews scroll!</Text>

Reviewer 3: This one doesn't scroll for me though. At least you can't see it in the snack. Maybe we can remove this line?

      <View>
        <Text>Some text</Text>
        <Image source="https://placekitten.com/g/200/300" style={{width: 200, height: 200}}/>
      </View>
      <TextInput
        style={{
          height: 40,
          borderColor: 'gray',
          borderWidth: 1
        }}
        defaultValue="You can type in me"
      />
    </ScrollView>
  );
}
```

## Make your own Native Components

> As you continue developing with React Native, you may want to use a kind of view on Android or iOS that isn’t in the Core Components. For this reason, React Native lets you to build your own Native Components for [Android](native-components-android.md) and [iOS](native-components-ios.md) to suit your app's unique needs. We also have a thriving ecosystem of these community-contributed components and modules. Check [Native Directory](https://www.native.directory/) to find what the community has been creating.

Reviewer 3: Nit: "a kind of view" is a bit awkward. Maybe just "a view"

---
id: intro-react-native-components
title: Core Components and Native Components
description: React Native lets you compose app interfaces using Native Components. Conveniently, it comes with a set of these components for you to get started with right now—the Core Components!
---

React Native is an open source framework for building Android and iOS applications using [React](https://reactjs.org/) and the app platform’s native capabilities. With React Native, you use JavaScript to access your platform’s APIs as well as to describe the appearance and behavior of your UI using React components: bundles of reusable, nestable code. You can learn more about React in the next section. But first, let’s cover how components work in React Native.

## Views and mobile development

In Android and iOS development, a **view** is the basic building block of UI: a small rectangular element on the screen which can be used to display text, images, or respond to user input. Even the smallest visual elements of an app, like a line of text or a button, are kinds of views. Some kinds of views can contain other views. It’s views all the way down!

<figure>

>   <img src="../assets/diagram_ios-android-views.svg" width="1000" alt="Diagram of Android and iOS app showing them both built on top of atomic elements called views.">

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to revert those paths again before merging.

In the next section, you will start combining these Core Components to learn about how React works. Have a play with them here now!

```SnackPlayer name=Hello%20World
import React from 'react';
import { View, Text, Image, ScrollView, TextInput } from 'react-native';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <ScrollView>
      <Text>Some text</Text>
      <View>
        <Text>Some more text</Text>
        <Image source="https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/assets/p_cat2.png" style={{width: 200, height: 200}}/>
      </View>
      <TextInput
        style={{
          height: 40,
          borderColor: 'gray',
          borderWidth: 1
        }}
        defaultValue="You can type in me"
      />
    </ScrollView>
  );
}
```

---

Because React Native uses the same API structure as React components, you’ll need to understand React component APIs to get started. The [next section](intro-react) makes for a quick introduction or refresher on the topic. However, if you’re already familiar with React, feel free to [skip ahead](handling-text-input).

> <img src="../assets/diagram_react-native-components.svg" width="1000" alt="A diagram showing React Native's Core Components are a subset of React Components that ship with React Native.">

Reviewer 2: This one too
